feat: StorageFileHelper (#10689)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/file-management.md

var content = await FileIO.ReadTextAsync(file);
```

> UNO also supports the ability to determine if an asset or resource exists in the application package by using `StorageFileHelper.ExistsInPackage`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno Platform also provides the ability to determine if an asset or resource exists in the application package by using `StorageFileHelper.ExistsInPackage`:
```

```csharp
var fileExists = await StorageFileHelper.ExistsInPackage("Assets/Fonts/uno-fluentui-assets.ttf");
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> `StorageFileHelper.ExistsInPackage` is only available for Uno Platform based targets, but not for WinAppSDK.
```
